# A. Conceptual Knowledge
### 1. What is a smart contract? How are they deployed? You should be able to describe how a smart contract is deployed and the necessary steps.
Smart contracts are self-executing blockchain programs that are typically used to define agreements between distinct parties. To deploy a smart contract on a blockchain, one must send a transaction to that blockchain containing the compiled code of the smart contract without specifying a recipient. This can be easily accomplished using tools like Remix and Hardhat, with which a developer can write the contract source code, compile it, and send the deployment transaction using the developer's private key.

### 2. What is gas? Why is gas optimization such a big focus when building smart contracts?
Gas describes the amount of computational effort required to perform a certain operation. There is often more than one way to implement a smart contract such that it produces an expected output or result. By focusing on gas optimization when building smart contracts, developers can make it cheaper to interact with their contract relative to unoptimized implementations.

### 3. What is a hash? Why do people use hashing to hide information?
A hash is the output of a hash function, which is a function that can map some arbitrary data to a fixed-sized value. It is virtually impossible to derive the input that produces a certain output from a good hash function. We can use this property to verify information without actually storing data to increase security of an application. For example, in a username-password authentication system, we can store the hashes of passwords instead of the raw passwords, and check that the hash of an inputted password matches that user's stored password hash. That way, accounts would not be compromised in the event that the username-password database is breached.

### 4. How would you prove to a colorblind person that two different colored objects are actually of different colors? You could check out Avi Wigderson talk about a similar problem here.
Assuming the objects have no other distinct characteristics besides their color, you could give the colorblind person the objects and have them hide them from your view. They can shuffle them around, and then reveal one of the objects. You simply tell them what color the object is. After repeating this process a few times, the colorblind person should realize that you are always stating that one of the objects is a certain color and the other object is another distinct color. You could repeat this process until the colorblind person is satisfied that the objects are two different colors.